Hello, I'm Young Hoon Kim, and I¡¯m a second grader of class 2. It has already passed in half of my school life. Today I will talk about my impressive experiences in a high school. The first thing that greatly affected my high school life is COVID-19. So, last year, my school life was bad from the beginning. Because I entered the school in May. And I couldn't make many friends because of frequent online classes. Also, the tests were so difficult. At the beginning of the first grade, my high school life was full of hardship, but these hardships and difficulties gradually led to valuable rewards.

My first impressive experience is a club. By working hard in the club, I became close to the club leader who helped me a lot, and because he gave me a lot of school tips, I had a fruitful school life. Finally, I have been leading the career club and helping not only myself but also other people.

Second, it was an experience when I was able to decide my career path. Until middle school, I was only interested in the computer field, but I could not decide on a proper career path. However, through a career time, I was able to choose my dream of 'System Engineer' and the university that I wanted to go. Also, there was a ¡®Software¡¯ subject in my school, which has helped me a lot in my career by choosing that subject. As the saying goes - goals make people motivated, my goals enriched my school life.

It's already the middle of 2021. In fact, I met good friends and kind teachers after. So it has been an impressive every day since the second semester of first grade. However, I became greedy, which is to make my remaining high school life more meaningful, and to make precious memories of high school.

Finally, my ultimate goal is to move forward with my dream of becoming a 'System Engineer' in my school life. I will end this video by saying ¡®what does high school mean to student.¡¯ I think high school is helper that helps not only our mind but also our dream. Thanks for watching.
